"We’re gonna have to commit mass genocide eventually"
"I think I have osteoporosis"
"I am Jesus"
"The epic 9/11"
"I don't know, rice. I like rice"
"Not my parentheses!"
"That’s tough"
"We actually have to solve it?"
"JARYD!"
"ROB shines in the 1v1"
"How is Fox even top tier? He sucks"
"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh"
"I’m reading anime"
"I spent 5 hours at the blood drive"
"Where’s the blood?"
"I’m an innocent robot"
"Do my homework for me"
"I’ll give you the goldfish and you’ll give me the answers to the math homework"
"Dude, I was so depressed"
"They aren’t real quotes unless I say so"
« J’aime fumer » (I like to smoke)
"Ohhhh no that’s some academic dishonesty"
"I want to get to class and read anime"
"I’m carrying the enemy team"
"I want you to dominate me in chess, Drew"
"It’s probably right, it has a 69 in it"
"Imagine having 1 and a half dogs"
"Where are the sharks?" (While watching shark tank)
"I thought the U.S. Mint was a boat"
"That’s so triggering"
"I clapped myself"
"Where’s Big Mac?" (On the smash ultimate character select screen)
"Water’s not blue!"
"I'm so clean dude"
"Let me stab myself real quick"
"You’re not man enough to recycle your love letters"
"You should spend all your money as soon as you get it"
"Can we rob the Fed?"
"It should be enuf."
"That means he has to be a millionaire!"
"OH my god yes! … It’s wrong!"
"What are you doing?! I’m trying to copy the answer key"
"Mr. Hire has different kinds of assets"
"I am the Fed"
"Why is the sun shining on me?"
"Yeah I’m ready OH WAIT I’M NOT READY HOLY CRAP"
"Do you think I can skip all my classes until AP exams?"
"I didn’t give you permission to research me"
"Drew, can I pierce your ears?"
"The clock moves left!’
"I am Japan"
"My blood is alive"
"Dude, the ancient Greeks could sue Marvel"
"I’m putting a restraining order on you"
"Jaryd’s the only man for me"
"I’ve never had fun in my entire life"
"That’s gonna be a Ting Feng Quote isn’t it"
"I like walking in heels on the beach"
"This cheese is so long"
"Dude imagine when bad things bring good things lol"
"I have a long neck"
"7 big dollas"
"You boast every time you enter my eyes"
"Anime boys always win"
"Can we light our hands on fire?"
"I need that to work. And by work I mean copy the answers"
"Honestly I’d love to live in 69420 BC"
"I’ll light your hand on fire"
"I’m using the L’ Hospital"
"What’s chlorine?"
"No I don’t put my drugs in such an obvious spot"
"I’m calling you unfit"
"I’m holding you as collateral"
"War and violence are a good solution"
"I’m bigger than some people"
"I hate this day, I don’t have long arms"
"A high body count, that would be nice"
"I had to stop myself from reading anime"
"I’m showing off!" (While shirtless)
"I’ve never made it to first base"
"I’ll kill myself if I have to"
"I didn’t ask to purchase a girlfriend"
"I could kill someone with this bag" (While holding plastic bag from AP Seminar Portfolio)
"What if I suffocate myself with this styrofoam"
"I’ve got a cross, I’m religious now"
"If you are skinny then you are weak"
"I refuse to talk over the summer"
"It’s not road rage if they’re driving wrong"
"You have to go to elementary school in the hood"
"Everything is edible, you have to think of it that way"
"I actually swallowed more than you"
"You wish you had 6 eyes like me"
"You’re not a gamer if you play Animal Crossing"
"How can Creepers steal stuff? They don’t have hands"
"I can’t sing different notes"
"My saliva is really sweet"
"I have so much weed"
"I’m with the Logang"
"It’s so hard to hear when you’re blind"
"I’m actually allergic to everything"
"He grows too fast!"
"Imagine being able to touch Jaryd for a solid 5 seconds"
"You can’t call something a bathroom unless there’s a bath in it"
"I’d be noodle pasta"
"It’s so freaking big and thick"
"I missed 4 days of anime"
"This is the first time I haven’t worn anything to lunch"
"After we clean up let’s smash a bit"
"I’m just talking about 420"
"Trump is conservative!"
"I don’t represent tolerance"
"I pelvic thrust a lot"
"Oh my god! I got it right! Oh my god! I’m so good"
"I’m actually like 900 IQ. I got two right."
"I’d be so sad if I lost an arm, dude"
"I’d go pee in the urinal next to you and then talk to you"
"Jeb like the sheep?"
"jeb_ Bush. that should be his full name"
"Imagine what it’d be like to be a professional assassin"
"Oh my god, I was so close to killing myself"
"I’m not passionate about pornography"
"Crap, I thought I was on Mars"
""It’s how many seconds are in a second""
"Who’s using an iPad touch right now?!"
"I slept with Gabe"
"I’m mega-Asian"
"Drew has a Trond fetish"
"Drew is just a normal white guy"
"Why is the wind hot?"
"Me and my group jumped off a cliff"
"I don’t want to kill myself"
"Drew’s secretly a porn star"
"I’m going to bust a nut tomorrow"
"Let go of my stick then!"
"I only use incognito dude"
"I have more curves than you"
"I don’t fart gasoline"
"Aren’t these boob lines?"
"I feel so single"
"I’m getting expelled"
"My butt cheeks are sweating"
"I’ll pee right here"
"Pride Day is sexist"
"Ohio is insignificant. Once I vote, Ohio will be significant"
"I’m 69 inches long"
"Does Krispy Kreme make subs?"
"What if we made another tectonic plate?"
"Drop your pants right now"
"I didn’t swore"
"I’m not getting off the bus until I get off the bus"
"Imagine if I lied and killed someone… my headcount would go up"
"I can’t vape anymore dude"
"I’m vaping too much"
"Look at these bullet holes"
"I think I need bigger balls"
"I am the SCOTUS"
"Should we make Fortnite Prom?"
"Ting Feng is not in a relationship"
"You all hopped off the single train and left me there to rot"
"Drew’s touching my sausage"
"Nut to butt"
"I’m practicing abstinence"
"Drew doesn’t like girthy subs guys"
"Sam’s senior pic was lowkey hot"
"I would date an anime girl if she was 3D"
"Ting didn’t cry"
"I’d be the black joker"
"I just wanted her to feel the pain"
"Unlucky. Get a therapist"
"My COC is unloading"
"I’m 900 IQ and I still got it wrong"
"I never thought before I started thinking"
"I’m not long enough"
"Ting Feng threatens teacher with sword"
"Ting Feng readies his sword"
"Soulja boy is a girl!"
"I’m Asian and I’m black"
"He asked me if he was thicc to which I replied quite"
"April is going to be the month of 4/20"
"Do you think they have vape detectors here"
"My COC is loading"
"Luigi is taller so that made me feel better about myself"
"Do you think there’s actually a Krusty Krab somewhere?"
"I gotta stare at me and bask in the glory"
"gang… gang… gang… gang…"
"I don’t want that picture of me out there"
"You’re gonna get diabetes"
"I need that maximum power"
"Hey I watched Jaryd take his shirt off"
"Look at how long my thing is"
"I wish I was in a coma"
"I want to clap some kids"
"I’d like to study the blade"
"We have double block right? Let me just die real quick"
"I only trust myself cause I am me"
"How often do you worry about what other students think about you? Almost never"
"They don’t understand me at all"
"Women don’t deserve rights honestly" *in a sarcastic tone
"All we have to do is kill 4 people and we’re done!"
"Out of the way, out of the way! Ting Feng coming through!"
"Radius doesn’t matter as much as size"
"Woahmega"
"I almost fell outta my chair. My life flashed before my eyes"
"It’s an anime elf, not an anime girl"
"New phone who are you"
